Thank you for purchasing the SuperBook© Booking System! Please read the instructions below thoroughly before using the system, as it contains important information.

IMPORTANT: Always close the program through the main menu (option '8') at the end of the business day. Do not shut down the system while the program is running, or data loss may occur.
See Section 8 of this document for details on data recovery in the event of an unexpected shutdown due to a power cut or system crash.

Section 1: general use.

The SuperBook© system uses a simple terminal interface. Simply type the number matching the desired menu option and press 'enter'. In the event that an invalid input is entered,
the system will return an error message and return to the start page for the current menu.

Section 2: search and display functions - menu option 1.

Entering '1' in the main menu will open a sub-menu where the user can select one of three features, as well as return to the main menu. The first option allows the user to view
all logged bookings on a specific date, which must be entered in the format yyyy-mm-dd, e.g. 2022-11-21 for November 21st 2022.

The second option allows the user to enter a date and be shown all available times on that day and the next four business days.

The third option simply displays a list of all future days the salon has been designated as closed (see Section 5).

Section 3: booking appointments - menu option 2.

After selecting menu option '2', the user is prompted to enter the name of the customer, the desired date and time, and a note of the type of appointment. The system notifies
the user if the desired time and date is not available and returns to the main menu. Once a booking is successfully entered, the system confirms that the booking is created.

Note that only times on the hour and half hour, e.g. 11:00, 11:30, 12:00, etc., are valid.

Section 4: cancelling a booking - menu option 3.

After selecting menu option '3', the user is prompted to enter the date and time for the booking to be removed. If no such booking is found, the system returns an error, otherwise
it confirms that the booking is cancelled.

Section 5: adding and removing closed days - menu option 4.

After selecting menu option '4', the user is prompted to choose whether to add or remove a closed day. Weekends are automatically considered closed by the program.

Section 6: editing transactions - menu option 5.

After selecting menu option '5', the user is asked to enter the date and time of the booking to be edited. At this point, the user can update the transaction amount, as well as
declare whether payment was received.

Section 7: Viewing finances - menu option 6.

After selecting menu option '6', the user must enter the admin password in order to proceed. After this, the user is prompted to enter the desired date to display transactions for.

Section 8: backups and data recovery - menu option 7.

In the event of a power cut or system crash, the most recently entered bookings will not have been correctly saved. However, they can generally be recovered as follows:

THE FIRST TIME the system is powered on after the unexpected shutdown, immediately select menu option '7'.